18-08-2020
Ashu:-| After all the fight we had about her relationship with \V She is still trying to hide something from me about \V, Phhh.. she had deleted many messages which were exchanged. How can I say that .. ? I had seen a notification in front of her telling.. "Ok paa nale manege baa", which I could not see in her chat now.. This was around the time I went to check about JIO connection issue on my phone, I went to check whether the plan is updated fine on "My JIO" app. The time then was around 11 to 11 10.. I see messages only from 11:26pm, which starts with "upanyasa update madilla... blah"

Also she talked about \V \M going to mall for something, and asked me to take her as well. Nothing of that conversation was seen in her chat. 
Clearly all have been deleted.

Forget these two damm people, better you would be.

They might never read this nor me. Start spending time on something which gives you positive vibes and not these ppl, they are adding anger, frustation, doubt and a whole lot of negative energy into you. So, justforget these two ppl for the better of you.

I feel it is better to start thinking away from Theertam for so many reasons.
1. Mr. Kumar acts all very weird at times, which I have to bear all the time.
2. Me being pulled into matha politics.
3. 


How MY home should be:
1. Greenery enlosed with high walls to avoid any pet feeding.
2. Greenery space enough to grow plants like 5 tulasi, 1 parijata, 1/2 cocunt trees, few flowering plants like mallige, Jaaji. No fruit/veg plants I have in mind now.. I guess I need upto 200 sq ft for this !!! 200 * 5k = 10Lacs.. !! Really.. ??
4. Car parking in basement. (min 1C + 1 2W, max 2C and 2 2W).
3. Place in the front of the house to sit and relax, which open towards the greener of my house.
4. Separate devara mane, which has atleast 1 cupbaord openable from both side so that one can keep the washed samanu from one side and can be fetched from the other side. It should have a large door so that many can watch the devara pooja. Mantapa is always in the middle and not at the corner of the room. It must have a lot of cupboards, atleast 4 wooden medium sized. enough space in the devara mane front of the devaru to not touch mantapa during saayam sandhyavandana. 
5. Possibly devaramane opens to a small well ventilated kitchen for the purpose of vale adige. You will be able to keep minimum required utensils and groceries here. (The main kitchen is else where).This kitchen must be as close as possible to devara mane so that all madi adige is done here.
6. Main kitchen : No dependecy on LPG !!! Completely electric based, if possible. Lots and Lots of cupbaords and right exhaust and well ventilated. Separate place for keeping musure and semi musure items (semi musure item place must be large enough also). Keep few cupboards close to stove closed but other ones must be open. possbile all steel utensils. Shall have separate place for large fridge and Mixer with plug points.
6. Hittala kade : possbily should be able to reach here from within and from the passage availabel from the entrance. 2 water exit points here, one for kai kalu toliyakke, one for patre toliyakke.
7. Completely solar powered (on Grid or Off Grid is still question to answer).
8. 2 separate OH tanks, one for using RWH water and other taken from bore or drinking water. water must be able to flow to both tanks based on a valve in GF and not at the top.
9. RWH is compulsory.Use the best of the technology available. Min is to let the water to ground, store the extra water and pump to cleaning tank.